---
layout: post
tags: review
---

# 2023

After missing out on reviewing the past few years, here's a review of my 2023.

- B
    - Book. I couldn't finish the family cookbook I began four years ago, but I am determined to complete it this year.
- C
    - Collab Place. We launched [Vidya Vaahini](https://vidyavaahini.collab.place/), an initiative to promote early reading for children and partnered with Bansa Community Library for effective book distribution.
    - Cooking. I learnt a variety of dishes, including Baked Pasta, Casserole, Eggplant Parmesan, Gnochchi, Plum Cake, and Rotolo. I would like to master the art of making good pizza. I have also improved on a few recipes including upma variations, stuffed capsicum.
- D
    - Dog. We lost Bhairava in December, who had been with us for over six years. She struggled the last three days as she didn't eat any meals. She leaves us with great memories, and we will miss her in our daily lives.
- F
    - Family and Friends. I spent decent amount of time with family, and we were fortunate to have several get-togethers with friends. I'd love to cook more bigger meals for family and friends.
- H
    - House. Pragnya and I completed one year in the new house. Like all families, we put in tremendous efforts to make it a home in our own style.
- L
    - LLMs. Like many others, large language models (LLMs) have become a significant part of my life, and I'm excited about their net positive impact on creativity and daily work.
- O
    - Organization. We are experimenting with Notion for personal task management to organize usual chores better.
- P
    - Physical activity. While I was largely fit during the year, I failed to be consistent in practicing small habits like daily walks. I'd like to develop better health practices this year by going to the gym and generally being fitter.
    - PyCon India. Organizing PyCon India 2023 was a great experience with contributions from dozens of volunteers. I wrote [some notes](https://bkamapantula.github.io/2022/12/15/young-learners-workshop.html) on facilitating events for young learners.
- R
    - Rest. I failed to get adequate rest during weekdays. I need improve in this aspect.
- S
    - Sugar. I stopped having sugar in coffee but consumed it in some dishes.
- T
    - Travel. I traveled some (Belgaum, Coimbatore, Mysore) and would like to explore more unvisited places this year.
- V
    - Vercel AI Accelerator. In collaboration with a great team, we won the [Vercel AI Accelerator](https://vercel.com/blog/vercel-ai-accelerator-demo-day) demo.
- W
    - Writing. In 2023, my blogging activity was sporadic, and I aim to write more consistently this year.

In 2024, I would like to:
- Do more public work
- Build a woodfire pizza oven
- Do personal monthly reviews
